Edit extension description to specify AGPL (#395)
OpenwaterHealth/SlicerOpenLIFU: CMakeLists.txt

# Extension meta-information
set(EXTENSION_HOMEPAGE "https://github.com/OpenwaterHealth/SlicerOpenLIFU")
set(EXTENSION_CONTRIBUTORS "Ebrahim Ebrahim (Kitware), Peter Hollender (Openwater), Sam Horvath (Kitware), Andrew Howe (Kitware), Sadhana Ravikumar (Kitware), Brad Moore (Kitware)")

> set(EXTENSION_DESCRIPTION "A 3D Slicer extension for Openwater’s OpenLIFU (Low Intensity Focused Ultrasound) research platform. Licensed under AGPL (a strong copyleft license that may limit use in proprietary or clinical products).")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set(EXTENSION_DESCRIPTION "A 3D Slicer extension for Openwater’s OpenLIFU (Low Intensity Focused Ultrasound) research platform. Licensed under AGPL (a strong copyleft license that may impose restrictions on combined works).")
```

(just copying language from the note in README)
